So, when you give a tool as powerful as
Claude code, access to literally control
a browser, if you think about it, you
can actually automate anything. Whether
that's stress testing an app,
downloading reports, or even playing a
game like you guys saw in my other
video. So, today I walk through three
use cases that you can use when you
connect Playwright CLI to Claude code to
control your browser. The first one is
having it actually QA a web app and
finding bugs and then fixing them. The
second one is searching for dentists and
finding their contact information. And
then the third one, a question that
everyone's asking, is can browser use
actually sessions where you need to be
logged in? So, I show off what I'm able
to do in my school account. So, I don't
want to waste any time, let's get
straight into the video. All right, so I
am in a fresh Claude code project as you
can see. I'm in a folder called browser
automation demo, but there's nothing in
here. Just so you guys can follow along
with exactly what I'm doing. So, the
first thing to do is install Playwright
CLI so that we can actually do some
browser automation. So, I'm just going
to go into plan mode and I'm going to
say, "Hey Claude code, I want to use
Playwright CLI in order to do some
browser automation stuff, whether that
means testing out web apps or getting
screenshots of things, whatever the
case, I just need you to figure out how
you can install this for me and then go
ahead and build a plan and let's do it."
So, I know I'm telling you guys to use
Playwright CLI, but this is literally
what I did when I decided I wanted to
try out some browser automations, except
for I said, "Hey, I need you to research
the different tools and the different
pros and cons and help me figure out
what I should do." I played around with
Chrome dev tools for a little bit, but
now I'm using Playwright CLI. And one
reason for that, while we're letting
this load, is that if I do
context in here, you can see that the
Chrome dev tools MCP takes up so many
tokens because there's so many different
tools and each tool has a description.
So, that's how I was like, "Hmm, maybe I
don't want to use the MCP server. Let me
just go ahead and try this Playwright
CLI." And it works really well. All
right, so the plan is done. We have an
empty project. We're going to initialize
the project, install Playwright, create
a demo script, test things out. I'm
going to go ahead and accept this plan
and now I'll check in with you guys when
that's done. All right, so you can see
that it is done. It's been installed and
then it also tried it out already. So,
it ran a script to open up this page and
then screenshot it and that got saved
right here. So, as you can see, it was
able to do that. It was able to take a
screenshot, which means that everything
is working. So, now that we have this
initial stuff set up, I'm just going to
go ahead and do a  init to
basically just initialize the
environment and give us a claw.md file.
All right, so there are tons of great
use cases when it comes to using a
browser automation. Whether that is
looking through Amazon or applying to a
ton of positions or, you know,
downloading reports from websites that
don't have an API. And what's awesome
about this is it will build out these
scripts that run the browser automation,
right? And when you pair those custom
scripts with a skill, it gets really
powerful because then that process of
opening up the browser and doing certain
things becomes consistent and
repeatable. But one thing that I think
is really cool about browser automations
is the ability to basically test things
and automate QA. So, an example I wanted
to walk through with you guys is I'm
going to use Claude code in here to
build us a quick web app that's going to
be like a multi-page form and I don't
want to test it myself. I want to have
it test it and then it has to find the
bugs, find suggestions and then fix
itself. So, it's going to be us building
a web app or a form and it's going to be
like completely hands-off. That's the
goal at least. So, let's hop into plan
mode and let's get started. I need you
to build me a
form submission website. Now, I want
this to basically be one page per
question. So, as soon as I open up the
page, it should ask me for my first name
and then there should be a button that
prompts me to hit enter. When I hit
enter, I go to the next page and then I
have my last name and then I have my
phone number and then I have my business
and I have maybe, let's just say eight
questions about me and kind of getting
me on-boarded into this, you know, fake
business or whatever. I just want to do
this to see and test the functionality
of what you're able to build me here.
Okay, so that is phase one. Phase one,
we're going to get an initial version of
the website and then before I even open
it up and test it, we're going to go
into plan mode again and see if just
Claude code with the browser automation
can test it, iterate, test it, iterate.
Okay, here is our plan. Multi-page
onboarding form. The user wants a
polished multi-page onboarding form. We
have the architecture, there's 12 total
questions, which look good to me. We've
got some files it's going to make, some
implementation details here and all of
this looks good to me. So, we're going
to go back into the main session and
accept those changes. Okay, so that just
finished up. We have the files have been
created. We've got a server that this is
running on. It's going to be on a local
host. We also have 12 one per page
questions and what I noticed it doing is
it was taking screenshots and I didn't
even tell it to. So, if I open up
screenshots, you can see we now have
these
pictures. So, let me just look at these.
We've got number one, which is what is
your first name. Number two, last name.
Best phone number to reach you at.
There's even, if you can see, there's
like one of those scroll bars at the top
where it's like showing, you know, how
many questions in they are. So, for a
one-shot prompt and the fact that it's
already flipping through and taking
screenshots, I'm pretty impressed. But
we have to see how it's able to actually
test it out. So, now I'm going to go
back into plan mode and I'm going to
say, "Yep, absolutely. Spin up a server
so that you can actually run this. And
then what I want you to do is use your
browser use and test it out. So, fill in
the fields, click through and if there's
any bugs or if there's anything wrong
with the functionality of the site, make
note so that you can go ahead and fix
the actual site itself." And I also want
you to do this in a headed browser so
that I can watch what's going on. So,
I'm going to shoot that off. It's going
to make a plan, but that is one
important distinction. By default, you
could say, "Hey, I always want you to
run Playwright in a headed browser." But
there is headed or headless, meaning it
could be running this headless where it
wouldn't show us on screen, but it is
still running on its own tab and
clicking through things. Okay, here is
the QA pass, the headed browser testing.
I'm not going to read this. I think that
this is pretty clear of what we want.
I'm going to go ahead and accept it. So,
what happens is for every kind of like
bot that we want to run, it has to write
its own script. So, I believe that this
is this one that it's writing, which is
the test onboarding.js
and this is basically what instructs the
bot on what to do. And then when we
wanted to turn this into a skill, which
is basically like QAing our website, we
would say, "Okay, when you want to QA,
then you run the bot and then you take
the feedback from the bot and then you
make changes and then you run the bot
again." And so, that's how we can turn
kind of like all of these different
pieces into an actual process. Okay,
also that wasn't even the script. The
script that it's writing for this is
QA-test. So, now you see what I mean.
Okay, so the window just popped up. I'm
going to move it into view and we should
be able to watch it fill in. It's did it
did Nathan.
Okay, it went backwards. Now it's on the
second one, Nathan Harrison.
Filling in a phone number. It's
continuing to click through, Harrison
Tech. We've got a email. We've got
founder and CEO.
It shows a company size with from a drop
down. Okay.
Technology, referral.
Primary goal.
Website, continue and anything else.
Okay, it looks like it's having a little
bit of trouble here now. It keeps kind
of glitching out. But once again, I'm
not going to stop it. I'm going to let
it figure out what it needs to do. Okay,
so it just shut down and now it said,
"Okay, found some issues. Let me review
the screenshots to understand what
happened." So, what you guys didn't
notice is that in there, it took more
screenshots. So, we can see now we have
QA and we have all of these screenshots
that it took during that test. So, it
says, "Okay, the UI looks polished."
That's great. It did look really good.
But the first bug is that enter on text
area didn't advance to review. It stayed
on the notes page. The second bug is
that the review page never loaded. The
test found zero review items and the
edit button was intercepted by a stale
page overlay. And now it was able to use
that feedback to fix the actual bugs in
the site itself. And this is just really
cool because if you've ever built
software or websites or apps or
whatever, there are so many bugs and you
don't always find them until it's maybe
too late or maybe a customer found it.
So, the fact that you can automate QA by
having multiple different headed
browsers or even headless browsers spin
up and you can say, "Hey, you test for
X, you test for Y, you test for Z." and
just have them running and fixing and
running and fixing is a complete
game-changer. And now, without me even
asking, it says, "Okay, I'm going to
start the server and I'm going to rerun
the test." So, we're basically getting
it stuck in this loop of testing,
validating, testing, validating and, you
know, it's really, really cool. So, I
think it's doing another quick test just
to see um
if it truly is good, but
Okay, nice. So, second test went all the
way through and now it should be
shutting down and telling us what it
learned. As you can see, it just shut
down. So, now you can see it has finally
passed the tests and it goes ahead and
ends the process because now the server
is good. So, like I said, the next step
from there would be to turn that into a
skill. But what else can we do with
browser automations because they're
definitely not perfect, right? So, let's
say we wanted to do something on the
web. Let's say we wanted it to just be
able to go to Google, search for, I
don't know, let's just say dentists and
maybe capture like some phone numbers.
All right, here is our plan. Build a
Playwright script that automates Google
search to find dentist offices in
California. We will basically launch the
browser, do the Google search, collect
the links, visit each site and print a
summary. So, that looks good to me.
We're going to go ahead and shoot this
off and
hopefully it's going to be decent on the
first try. I'm going to tell you guys
right now, it's probably not. But what's
going to happen is we're going to have
it learn. So, it's going to open up the
browser, it's going to fail and we're
going to say, "Okay, keep learning, keep
updating the script and don't stop until
you're done." I literally stepped away
to go get water
and it actually I came back and I saw a
browser open with some dentist offices
up.
Wow. So, it visited all five sites and
it was able to find
some phone numbers. Now, that's really
cool because it actually learned while
it was going and it said that Google
blocks the automation, so it switched to
DuckDuckGo. So, I told it this time,
"Don't stop until it actually finds five
phone numbers." So, it's going to be a
little bit more aggressive and this time
I'm actually here to watch it.
Okay, so here we are. It just searched
for dentist office LA.
You can see there's a phone number. I
just saw one on screen, so it probably
grabbed that screenshot. I see another
one on this page, so it's getting pretty
lucky here. It's finding the phone
numbers pretty quick. What what noticed
is it's still going to the site and it's
still clicking on the contact button.
Even though the phone number was up in
the top right, visible, it still clicked
on the contact button, which I thought
is pretty cool.
So this time it got all these phone
numbers for these dental offices. So
naturally the next question that I'm
sure you guys have is
how could it work on, you know, things
that I'm already logged into? So, let's
just find out. So I'm going to go to
plan mode and just ask it what would
happen. So there are a couple of
approaches. We could do persistent
browser profile, meaning it can launch a
browser using my existing Chrome user
data, which already has me logged into
school. We could do manual login and
handoff in headed mode, or we could
connect to a running browser. Okay, so
that's pretty cool. It could open up the
browser, I could sign in, and then I
could just basically keep that signed in
and have it do whatever it needs to do.
But I do want to try option one, which
it recommended in the first place.
Okay, so we have the plan, which is
going to go into my school community,
it's going to go to the wins channel,
and it's going to like those posts. So
we've got the context, the approach.
Obviously you guys know what these plans
look like. Let's just see what it did on
this first try, and I'm going to go
ahead and accept.
Okay, so apparently when it runs this,
I'm going to have to log in manually the
first time. But then in the future, it
will basically save that session. So,
let's see how that works. All right, it
opened up school.com. Okay, it opened up
school.com
Okay, so what just happened is it opened
it up and then it closed it, and then it
opened it up and it went to my community
and closed it. And now I think it's
actually going to let me log in. So let
me try that real quick. Okay, so I
logged in and then the browser shut
down. So now I said, "Okay, cool, I
logged in." Hopefully now when it
launches up this browser, it already has
me logged in. Okay, so there it is.
Nice. You can see that I am already
logged in, which is great. Okay, so it's
trying to find the wins channel. It
looks like it found it. All of these
look like they are wins. Now let's see
what it's able to do here. If it's Oh, I
just saw it try to like the post. Okay.
It just liked that one.
Interesting. So it's like liking them
and unliking them. So that's one thing
we're going to have to fix.
But it is scrolling down. It got to the
wins channel, and it is now trying to
like posts, but as you guys can see,
it's not perfect. So I hope that it's
able to realize that it's not really
liking them. Yeah, it's basically going
like, unlike, like, unlike. And it also
just said liking too fast. So
let's see if it's able to learn. Okay,
there we go. All right, so what I'm
going to do at this point is, you know,
I've seen enough. I'm going to shut this
down. And hopefully it's able to use
that feedback to get better. So the
login persisted, it found the wins
channel, it even found the heart-shaped
SVG buttons, but it crashed during the
page evaluate for liking. So it's seen
all that and now it's going to make the
script even better. So I will say with
browser automations, I think that this
is completely normal, which is why I had
a little bit of doubt earlier in the
dentist example. But literally every
time that you use the script, it's going
to get better. So it's about to run it
again. Let's see how it does this time.
It was able to just find the wins
channel. Now one thing I might want to
tell it is I might want to sort it from
newest posts rather than just going
straight to the wins channel.
And it went ahead and shut down again.
So, it's continuously trying to learn
and get better at this script. I'm
actually going to stop this and I'm
going to try to course correct it a
little bit. So I'm going to go into plan
mode and I'm going to say
So, a couple issues from the first
couple runs. The first thing is that it
was hitting the like button like four
times. So it ended up not even liking
the post. The second thing is once you
switch to the wins channel, try to
filter the posts by newest. So there's a
little
kind of sandwich bar menu option near
the channel filter, and that will allow
you to change the view to newest. And
then you can go through and make sure
that all of the posts are liked. You can
tell that they are liked because the
thumbs up icon on the post will be
yellow rather than gray.
All right, so we got the browser open.
Nice. It was just able to switch to
newest.
And now it's going through and liking.
It skipped over that one because it
already liked it.
Yeah, this is awesome. This seems to be
doing the trick.
It's liking my own post, which is a
little bit uh, but besides that, it's
actually working. And it's skipping over
the ones that are already yellow, which
is great. It even just went to the next
page and it's still liking. So this
would go through and like every single
post in the wins
channel. So I'm going to shut that down
now, just because I don't want it to go
ahead and do all that right now. But
that worked and it took what, maybe four
or five iterations? And now what I would
do is I would build a skill out of that.
So I could just say, "Hey, run the
school like skill." So anyways, I know
that that was kind of a simple use case,
but the point I was trying to prove is
that yes, you can automate stuff in
areas where you need to be logged in.
And also like school is one of the least
automation-friendly platforms ever. So
Okay, so I was going to just post the
video there, but I decided that I wanted
to keep this going a little bit to show
you guys what's actually possible with
this. So, what's really cool is now that
you have these Playwright CLI
automations that can do things in your
browser, and it can save your cookies.
So basically you stay logged in.
You can actually start to automate
things when you use the desktop app. Now
you could also use something like um,
you know, modal or trigger and just
deploy those automations there. But I
like to use the desktop app for my
scheduled tasks because I get the more
agentic ability. Because when these
scheduled runs actually run, it's an
agent literally like you see in Cloud
Code walking through what's going on. So
for example, I have basically created
this bot in my school community. So his
name is AIS agent. And as you can see,
it's posting things like daily news
roundups, and it's responding to all of
its notifications, and it even today
made a happy birthday post for me, which
I didn't tell to do. It just knew
information about me, and it did this
completely autonomously. So I've got it
doing things like every day engaging
with school wins. So if I click on
today's run, you can see that it shows
me what it engaged with, and it ran all
these commands, and it basically just
shoots over this prompt and it invokes
the skill to do this every time. I've
also got it doing the AI news roundup,
and I've also got it responding to all
of the notifications in school. Looks
like there's actually one running right
now. We've hit some sort of error, but
because this is agentic, it's going to
keep trying different things in order to
make sure that we're actually able to
get this to go through.
And remember how I talked about with
Playwright CLI, you have to use the
skill more and more or run the script
more and more in order for it to
understand what to click on and where to
submit things, and it has to learn how
the actual UI of, in this case, school
works. And all of these automations I
have running in a headless browser,
meaning when I have my computer open, I
don't see the tab pop up and I don't see
it happen. But right now I told it to go
into that happy birthday post and
respond to all the comments on that
post. And so now it is pulling up this
browser. It needs to figure out how do I
actually navigate to that post that I
made. So it's going to its
notifications, and it's just going to
look through the notifications and click
on those and respond to them. And as it
goes through this agentic loop, it
starts creating new tools. Because one
time someone said, "Hey, AIS agent, can
you please vote on my poll?" But the
agent couldn't figure it out. So what it
had to do is it would had to figure out
what does it actually mean to vote and
where do I click? And once it did that,
it turned that into another script, and
then it was able to make sure that its
skill was updated so that in the future
it was a bit more autonomous and could
actually vote on polls. Cool. So what it
did here is it made a to-do list of all
of the different comments that it needs
to respond to. So here's the comment and
then here's the actual reply that it's
going to make. And now it's launching up
this browser, and it's going to
individually go through and respond to
these. And because it's been doing this
so many times, it knows that it needs to
hit reply under each comment, type it
out, maybe even tag people, and then hit
the submit button. So obviously this
isn't perfect, right? Like there's still
things that I'm working through. I'm
sometimes it responds to people twice
because it forgot to mark the
notification as read. But I basically
just told my community, "Hey, I'm
experimenting with some browser
automations, and if you see AIS agent
just kind of like doing some random
weird things, just ignore it." So the
other thing that I want you guys to keep
in mind is that we are using Playwright
CLI. There are other CLIs out there that
do browser automations, and I've been
having great success with Playwright.
But I also have been seeing people talk
about other CLIs to do this. And the
reason why we're using a CLI compared to
the MCP, like I said, is we're just
going to save a lot of tokens. But
here's a little comparison you can see.
There's also something like Vercel agent
browser or Open CLI, or, you know,
there's multiple other CLIs that do
computer automations. And I think what
you'd be looking for is finding the one
that has the best balance of token
efficiency as well as performance. I
don't care so much about speed, but I
meant more like the performance of how
actually good is it at clicking around
and learning uh, how to improve the
script so that next time it doesn't make
the same mistakes. I'm going to be
testing out other options and seeing
which ones I think are the best. But at
the moment I've mainly been using
Playwright CLI. But that is going to do
it for the video. Now the next step
would be, once you understand how to
create all these browser automations,
how do you actually make them fire
automatically all the time, kind of like
what I've got set up here? So if you
want to learn how to do that, then check
out my video about scheduled tasks,
which you can watch right up here.
Hopefully I'll see you guys over there.
But if you enjoyed the video, you
learned something new, please give it a
like. It definitely helps me out a ton.
And as always, I appreciate you guys
making it to the end of the video. I'll
see you on the next one.
Thanks, everyone.